ninth grade man I had one pair of
sneakers man I had the righteous when
they came up and it was my basketball
shoes and my which you will walked
around you knows that so I know how it
feel to be that guy that's why so many
people like me it's only if people feel
me you know safe from from you don't say
that's coming up and gods industries
could be saw it you know I'm saying when
I got be sort of say you know I'm saying
to other people that I didn't change I
stayed the same pretty good stay hungry
no I'm saying because I know how that
finish you know I'm saying like I said
growing up I wasn't that it kid you know
I remember Dave you know my mom would
tell you well my brother tell you we're
gonna tell you man that it would days
man I would I would be so upset when I
was younger then I wasn't you know right
thought people weren't talking about
these people on you too tough on me in
my own City you notice that they wanted
top guys in the city beside my
neighborhood people y'all that you
probably up but I don't know today you
know crying about that you know I wanted
to get bad I'm so competitive my brother
he don't care about none like they don't
killing or wearing diseases you do have
you know me I kid about the record
because I want everybody to see down on
the best what's you you know I'm saying
I want you to everybody know about me so
I'm gonna days you know me man but I
never complain you know that I just kept
that to myself I never complain about it
never know I just wonder why and I let
my my wonders become my motivation no
sighs so I mean it Jim working twice as
hard as a naked dude I remember all of
them something this man I'm standing
there Jim
you see me I got poop in shorts and a
t-shirt or a date especially them
summers when I gotta go spoon I mean
that Jim I hire I hanging out I don't
know
but then that jump and when I come on
hang with my friends and we children
decided that I'm in the gym he wanted to
do nothing else that's all I knew that's
all I was focusing on all I cared about
was that's why I kept my little girls
nothing like that I was so hungry I was
so dedicated I I was doing anything to
get my buzz of anything to get some well
you know a sense of recognition and in
that and that's what got me to the point
you know I would have to tell I always
had to tell it you know nothing changed
just that people saw you you know I said
people got to see you know say and I
were just mocking neighbors well I got
to get this son you know saying it first
it started locally what are you saying
the best who they say I'm gonna bet
locally you don't say hey Bob what are
you saying better me I left checking
well we want to get him we're gonna get
him we won't get him and then once I
start get that bud locally are you one
of the best players they don't say it
might be the best play this class and
bottom line okay now I see a cool and
the country hitting me who shook up this
morning in front of me let's go get them
would top player in the country let's go
through there
let's go playing gonna do and let's go
destroy them to see who I stacked up
against them and that would double to do
pretty that's how we got to the point
and I became no one
play high school same thing with college
you know I said my freshman yeah they
had a yeah I want it and you know some
people who you know slept on me coming
into myself more yeah I went right back
to him Cooper what are you talking about
where they come out in the confidence
one more when it comes when they sang
gonna be to playing you what is saying
that country just all-american what he's
saying would be the best team and I
challenge myself you want to be in the
gym ain't going back on the bottom or do
something like I did my first media
understanding method working my game
every day and everybody know me know
that I stayed there next I ain't go to
Baltimore working out every day in the
gym
non-stop getting it you know saying I
miss home
it's not something that's easy see
people think is needed and what they eat
is hardly what I go on my mom miss me
will you come home y'all sir everybody
got all my friend you only a come on you
gotta suck it up because you know say
you know do you want to do think that's
fun but I had to put that to the side
you got a second front you know it's a
dedication and I just stayed in that
gentleman I came out happy yeah I had
and it was all because I focus any
engagement stuff up to be to play I'm
going to be a good to it now what I'm
hit you know what I saw I saw him to
pitch away your foot it you know I saw a
big event like this multi then you can
hang out with have fun with your friend
no save is more I can always do it
especially that if I make it yours that
the parties and stuff that will be even
better
you know I said you know yeah and I
processed that and I put that in my head
oh you're gonna do it and we did
you